feat(cli): group daemon channel workers by workspace (phase 4b) (#6635)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/qwen-serve.md

| `--workspace <path>`                    | `process.cwd()` | Absolute workspace path this daemon binds to (per [#3803](https://github.com/QwenLM/qwen-code/issues/3803) §02 — 1 daemon = 1 workspace). `POST /session` requests with a mismatched `cwd` return `400 workspace_mismatch`. For multi-workspace deployments, run one `qwen serve` per workspace on separate ports.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `--channel <name\|all>`                 | —               | Experimental daemon-managed channel worker. Repeat the flag to select multiple configured channels, or pass `all` to start every configured channel. `all` cannot be combined with named channels. Selected channel `cwd` values must resolve to a registered workspace; a multi-workspace daemon runs one worker per owning workspace. The worker is owned by `qwen serve`; stop the daemon to stop serve-managed channels.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The `--workspace` row still states "1 daemon = 1 workspace" and advises running one `qwen serve` per workspace, contradicting the `--channel` row in the same PR which describes multi-workspace channel workers. Update to acknowledge `--workspace` can be repeated for multi-workspace mode.

```suggestion
| `--workspace <path>`                    | `process.cwd()` | Absolute workspace path this daemon binds to (per [#3803](https://github.com/QwenLM/qwen-code/issues/3803) §02). Repeat the flag for multi-workspace mode: a single daemon can serve multiple workspaces, each with its own runtime and channel workers. `POST /session` requests with a mismatched `cwd` return `400 workspace_mismatch`. |
```

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

| `--event-ring-size <n>`                 | `8000`          | Per-session SSE replay ring depth (#3803 §02 target). Sets the backlog available to `GET /session/:id/events` with `Last-Event-ID: N`. Larger = more reconnect headroom at the cost of a few hundred KB extra RAM per session. SDK clients can additionally request a larger per-subscriber backlog cap on a specific subscription via `?maxQueued=N` (range `[16, 2048]`, default 256). Daemons also emit a non-terminal `slow_client_warning` SSE frame at 75% queue fill so clients can drain / reconnect before getting evicted. Pre-flight `caps.features.slow_client_warning`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `--compacted-replay-max-bytes <n>`      | `4194304`       | Per-live-session byte cap for the retained replay events in the bounded snapshot returned by `POST /session/:id/load`. The cap applies to `compactedReplay`; the current in-flight `liveJournal` remains uncapped. Values must be positive safe integers; invalid values fail at boot, and the hard ceiling is 256 MiB. When older retained replay is dropped, the snapshot begins with `history_truncated`. This does not limit the on-disk transcript.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** "boot-errors" is used as a verb here, which is non-standard and unclear to end users. A reader may not understand whether the daemon fails, warns, or ignores the channel.

```suggestion
  is ambiguous across workspaces and causes the daemon to fail at boot with an error.
```

_— qwen3.7-max via Qwen Code /review_

Author: Updated in df3ffdf67: the documentation now says the daemon fails at boot with an error.
